docs/seo.mdx, before:

---
title: SEO
---

SEO is already configured. You don't have to think about it if you use TSC Stack. 

You can just read this and you are good to go.

### Configurations

#### SEO Meta

First, open [`utils/seo.ts`](https://github.com/tscstack/tscstack/blob/main/src/utils/seo.ts) file and configure SEO settings to improve your website's visibility on search engines.

There is the example configuration:

```ts
  const DEFAULT_TITLE =
    "TSC Stack - The Headless TanStack + Convex + Clerk Boilerplate for Shipping Fast";

  const {
    title,
    url,
    siteName = "TSC Stack",
    description = "TSC Stack is a headless TanStack + Convex + Clerk boilerplate to ship SaaS apps fast. Built with TanStack Start, Clerk auth, strict TypeScript, shadcn/ui, and modern workflows—no fluff, just shipping.",
    keywords = "TanStack + Convex + Clerk boilerplate, TanStack + Convex + Clerk starter kit, TanStack Start + Convex + Clerk, TanStack + Convex + Clerk SaaS boilerplate",
    ogImageUrl = `${VITE_BASE_URL}/og-image.png`,
    twitterHandle = "@heysithu",
    type = "website",
    locale = "en_US"
  } = opts;
```

Done!

#### Favicons

- Use [realfavicongenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) to generate favicons for your website.
- Follow the instructions on the website to download the generated favicons and place them in the `public` folder.
- Done!

#### Open Graph Image

- Create a image with `1200px × 630px` to get the best results on social media platforms.
- Name that image `og-image.png` and place it in the `public` folder.
- Done!

#### Sitemaps

Sitemap lets your website rank higher in search engines. So, it is a good practice to create a sitemap for your website. Luckily, TSC Stack already configured it for you thanks to TanStack Start's SEO feature.

[Learn more about Sitemaps](/docs/sitemap) in the sitemap docs.

### Usages

Here are some examples of how to use `seoMeta`:

```ts
// index.tsx
export const Route = createFileRoute("/")({
  head: ({ match }) => ({
    // Use `default` as the title get show the `DEFAULT_TITLE` and `match.fullPath` as the URL.
    meta: seoMeta({ title: "default", url: match.fullPath })
  })
});
```

```ts
// _authenticated/dashboard.tsx
export const Route = createFileRoute("/_authenticated/dashboard")({
  head: ({ match }) => ({
    meta: seoMeta({
      title: "Dashboard",
      url: match.fullPath,
    })
  })
});
```

Commit message:

chore: add sitemap part in seo docs

docs/seo.mdx, after:

---
title: SEO
---

SEO is already configured. You don't have to think about it if you use TSC Stack. 

You can just read this and you are good to go.

### Configurations

#### SEO Meta

First, open [`utils/seo.ts`](https://github.com/tscstack/tscstack/blob/main/src/utils/seo.ts) file and configure SEO settings to improve your website's visibility on search engines.

There is the example configuration:

```ts
  const DEFAULT_TITLE =
    "TSC Stack - The Headless TanStack + Convex + Clerk Boilerplate for Shipping Fast";

  const {
    title,
    url,
    siteName = "TSC Stack",
    description = "TSC Stack is a headless TanStack + Convex + Clerk boilerplate to ship SaaS apps fast. Built with TanStack Start, Clerk auth, strict TypeScript, shadcn/ui, and modern workflows—no fluff, just shipping.",
    keywords = "TanStack + Convex + Clerk boilerplate, TanStack + Convex + Clerk starter kit, TanStack Start + Convex + Clerk, TanStack + Convex + Clerk SaaS boilerplate",
    ogImageUrl = `${VITE_BASE_URL}/og-image.png`,
    twitterHandle = "@heysithu",
    type = "website",
    locale = "en_US"
  } = opts;
```

Done!

#### Favicons

- Use [realfavicongenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) to generate favicons for your website.
- Follow the instructions on the website to download the generated favicons and place them in the `public` folder.
- Done!

#### Open Graph Image

- Create a image with `1200px × 630px` to get the best results on social media platforms.
- Name that image `og-image.png` and place it in the `public` folder.
- Done!

#### Sitemaps

Sitemaps let your website be indexed by search engines. Luckily, we already configured it for you thanks to TanStack Start.

If your website doesn't need complex sitemap generation, using the default TanStack Start's default sitemap generation in `vite.config.ts` is enough.

If you need the complex one [read TanStack Start's sitemap docs](https://tanstack.com/start/latest/docs/framework/react/guide/seo#sitemaps)

[Learn more about Sitemaps](/docs/sitemap) in the sitemap docs.

### Usages

Here are some examples of how to use `seoMeta`:

```ts
// index.tsx
export const Route = createFileRoute("/")({
  head: ({ match }) => ({
    // Use `default` as the title get show the `DEFAULT_TITLE` and `match.fullPath` as the URL.
    meta: seoMeta({ title: "default", url: match.fullPath })
  })
});
```

```ts
// _authenticated/dashboard.tsx
export const Route = createFileRoute("/_authenticated/dashboard")({
  head: ({ match }) => ({
    meta: seoMeta({
      title: "Dashboard",
      url: match.fullPath,
    })
  })
});
```
